9/23/2016 - Should fix the units dispruted per ingredient. A problem occurs when the program asks for the amount requested. 

9/26/2016 - A single mother must go to work and come home to feed her kids, but the long hours exhaust her and makes poor choices
            when feeding her children. She is aware of this, but lacks the time to choose what is best for her children. She fears
            the possibility of her children become prone to disease because of the food she feeds them. By using the nutritional app
            all she needs to do is search for lower sugar and sodium foods. All she would need is 5 to 10 mintues to search for her
            results and present all the information on a single screen. ( USER STORY )
            
10/2/2016 - Lauren, a business woman typically works long days. She prepares lunch and dinner for her kids in advance in case she 
            needs to stay late at work. She loves making her own reipes and wants her kids to be able to eate proper portion sizes.
            She is happy to know all the nutritional information in one of her recipes, but she doesn't have the time to do all of 
            the calculations to figure out the nutritional values for her meals. By adding a feature to determine portion sizes for
            any recipe, she will be able to easily find the nutrional value for her childrens meals. ( USER STORY )
            
10/2/2016 - Meagan, an avid baker, loves to experiment with new recipes. Her recipe calls for 4 oz of vanilla extract. She wants to
            calculate the nutrition information for her recipe so she knows how many carbohydrates are in one cookie. Her recipe makes
            12 cookies and the serving size is one cookie. After adding a new conversion to our app that allows for the entry of ounces
            of vanilla extract, Meagan can now watch her carb intake by knowing how many carbs are in one serving. ( USER STORY )

10/2/2016 - Kevin is a car salesman who isn't very technilogically savvy when it comes to computers. He decides he wants to make a dish
            for his fiancee. He likes an easy to use GUI. Kevin thinks that drop down menus work best for our app because it has the size
            he needs for each ingredient. He can click the menu, drop down to the option he wants and click it rather than typing it it.
            He thinks it is also helpful because he often has trouble typing things correctly. ( USER STORY )

10/3/2016 - 10/16/2016
            Create a GUI to display to the customer
                -We want a GUI for our customer so that they can easily run through our program without having to type out each ingredient
                 and amount for an entire recipe.
            Create conversions for Ounces
                -We want to broaden the horizons of our program to be able to convert fluid ounces and weight ounces so that our program
                 can operate with a wider variety of recipes and give more precision
            Design and develop a strategy to display a serving size
                -We want to display serving size because there is the possibility that a user might not be eating the whole recipe. By 
                 splitting up a recipe into serving sizes, a user can more closely follow a diet or meal plan and avoid having to do the
                 calculations themselves.

10/17/2016 -John is a single Dad who gets to see his son on weekends. He knows his son loves his home made Mac 'n Cheese but he likes to
            watch what he eats. He likes how the program works but his son is used to the nutrition labels found on boxes. His son would
            prefer to print his very own nutritional label that looks just like the ones at the store. By changing the way our program 
            prints, John's son can print out his nutrition label and show it to his friends. ( USER STORY )
            
10/17/2016 -Sara works two jobs and has to prep all of her meals in advance. She is a diabetic and has to watch her carbohydrate intake.
            She likes using our application because it currently shows her how many carbs are in each ingredient. With an addition to our
            interface, she will be able to see the total carbs in a complete dish that she creates. Instead of her having to go through
            and count the carbs by each ingredient, she will be able to view the nutrition information for her entire recipe. The 
            nutrition information helps her make sure she counts her carbohydrates correctly and save time. ( USER STORY )
            
10/17/2016 -Raymond is a retired chef who enjoys cooking for his family. He has all of his favorite recipes saved in a file cabinet in
            his house. Every time he wants to make a dish, he searched through his files and finds the recipe hes looking for to cook.
            Our app helps him by showing him not only the nutrition information, but also allowing him to save recipes so he can more
            easily access them. ( USER STORY )
            
10/17/2016-10/30/2016 
            Print out in nutrition label format
                -Printing out in the format of a nutrition label will give a more professional look to our output file. Also, children
                 may want to have a nutrition label that looks like the one on their favorite boxes of food. It is the best way to display
                 our information and is widely recognized. Familiar is best.
            Add more to the interface
                -Currently our interface has the user type in to search for an ingredient and it will return the ingredient's nutritional
                 information. We are working on adding a way to create a recipe so that the user can get the nutritional information for
                 a recipe, instead of an ingredient. The issue with this is that we have a program that does this already, but to get it
                 to work in the interface, Steven has to convert our python code into C and add interface components. The end goal is to
                 have drop down menus where the user can select their ingredients and submit to receive their nutrition label containing
                 all of the nutrition information.
            Save recipes to a database
                -By saving recipes to a database, a user will eventually have the option to recall saved recipes and possibly even be able
                 to share their recipes. As of now, they will have the print file from our program, but if they accidentally delete that 
                 file, then they would have to recreate the recipe by putting all of the ingredients back in.
                
10/30/2016-11/13/2016
            Continue working on printing out in Nutrition Label format
                -The Nutrition Label code still has to be tested and updated to make sure that it prints out correctly and that it pulls
                 the right data. We added cholesterol and saturated fat conversions, and have to make sure that the information returned
                 from these values is correct.
            Work on adding data structures to eliminate repetitive code
                -We are looking to find a way to create a data structure that can execute the conversions needed for our values. By doing
                 this we will shorten the length of our code and make it easier to follow. Currently we have repetitive code that does all
                 of our conversions.
            Add more to the interface
                -We are still working on making the interface more user friendly. We are working on creating recipes and once the Nutrition
                 Label code is complete, we will be able to print out the results from the interface (the user selecting through drop down
                 menus) into a Nutrition Label that will be saved in a text file.
            Add fail cases to prevent the program from crashing
                -Currently if you type in an ingredient that isn't in the database, the program will just crash. If we have an option that
                 can add the ingredient to the database, or even to just respond that the ingredient isn't in the database, our program will
                 be more professional and user friendly. If we go the route where you can add to the database, it will have to search either
                 another database, or the internet and import the results to the database.
            Continue Testing
                -We will continue to test our program for bugs and to make sure that our changes that we make don't throw off any of our 
                 calculations. Testing will be important once we implement our data structures to make sure that it doesn't compromise any
                 of our results. 
11/21/16-12/4/16
            Work on upgrading the formatting of the Nutrition Label
                -I have got the nutrition label to print out in our text document, but I am not satisfied with the appearance yet. I want it
                 to look as close to an actual nutrition label as possible. I also have to rework in the new added categories of saturated fat
                 and cholesterol.
            Fix the reduced converter code
                -We already have code written to reduce the size of our conversions so we don't have repetitive code. This code needs to be 
                 edited and revamped in order to work properly. Once it is fixed, our code will be much shorter and much easier to read.
            Add to the database
                -We currently only have around 50 ingredients in the test database we have been using. We are looking to implement a much 
                 larger database that contains more ingredients to increase our program's effeciency. In order to do this, we will have to
                 rework queries and how our program finds results.
            Error Handling
                -We are looking to add error handling so that if an ingredient is entered that isn't in the database, instead of crashing, 
                 an error would be returned saying that the ingredient couldn't be found. We may come up with a way to add new ingredients
                 if we have enough time.
            Add a tab to the interface
                -By adding a tab to our interface, you will be able to go back and forth from an ingredients nutritional information and the
                 nutritional information for the entire recipe.
