Weekly customer reports

9/26/2016 (Quantum Rivera)- After being with the developer group Booze Clues, I've noticed their goals and consider them realistic to reach.
            From what we disscussed, I expect them to have a working login page. They emsphasized the importance of users
            and them being able to have acess to their app. For this week, I expect them to have a GUI that shows an actual page
            and some sort of login screen. If they can not reach either goal, I at least expect a prototype GUI that demonstrates
            the vision of their application.
 
10/05/2016 - The state of the Booze Clues application is good as of now. From what I've been shown, the group as a whole have a clear
             understanding of what needs to be done. They showed me a working prototype, though it was simple as a login screen GUI.
             The login screen brings you into their main page, giving you options for either resturants or bars. The Booze Clues developers
             followed my priorities to perfection, as I requested there be a login and some sort of main page for their application. Certian
             GUI is a work in progress,they showed me a drop down search bar and a click box option for bars and resturatns. For next week,my
             priorities are for the developers of Booze Clues to implement actual locations of bars and resturatns in Plattsburgh. I should be
             able to choose either bars or resturants and have access to what Plattsburgh has to offer in terms of location and name.

10/12/2016 - The state of Booze Clues is stagnating a tiny bit. From what I was told, the programer of the group implemented locations of
             both bars and resturants, which followed my last weeks agenda goals. Unfortunately, the lastest program they showed me 
             wasn't working properly, as it failed show me locations of bars and resturants in Plattsburgh. I can tell by the honesty of the
             programmer that they followed my last weeks agenda as best as possible and said fixing the bug would be an easy task. For next week
             I prioritized they focus on fixing the bug prevent the pop ups on locations, plus add a history database to prevent backtracking.
             A history database would help me with past searches, giving me the ease of returning to a previous location of interest.

10;17/2016 - The state of Booze Clues is still in some sort of limbo. The team themselves are progressing, like fixing up the login screen.
             Yet what they keep showing me is non working prototypes of the locations of the bars and resturants. I was told again that it
             is a quick fix, but was the second week in a row that I wasn't shown proper locations. In good knews, I was given designer insight
             on how the search of locations could be improved. Instead of both bars and resturants, the Booze Clues app will now mainly focus on
             bars, with resturants as an optional choice. My original idea was to present both, but I really liked the designers insight on how
             to make an app about drinks the main focus.
             
10/31/2016 - The state of Booze Clues is back on track with good progress and results. The developers of the team put in the effort that is expected
             and are showing me impressive prototypes. A big problem the group was originally facing was not having working request from the week before.
             An important request from me was to have a display of the locations with information about them. From what I was shown, they have properly
             showed me pictures of the bars, which was presented to be used in a phone type of usage. It looked very well organized and visually appealing.
             I felt like the app itself needed to make a good on it's visual GUI and so far I'm impressed with what they shown. The team properly followed
             my last weeks priorities and continue to what to improve on other things not yet brought to my attention. For next week,I requested the team
             work on the login page. I want them to have a database that properly saves both the username and password, which can later be pulled up for 
             convient usage like remembering the user, granting instant acess to the application.
             
11/14/2016 - The state of Booze Clues has made gradual improvement. The team seems to be more focused on realistic goals for the end of the semester. I was
             shown a working database that held the information of a users sign up id and password. This was requested from me last meeting, and was succesfully
             demonstrated to me. My goals for next week is for the team to have applied the database information for the login credentrials. From what I was shown
             the team does not have a proper login page that works. I also requested the team work on improving the description of the bars and resturants. Some information
             is seen, but it isn't well formatted or writen as of now. The team is on a nice steady path.
